Phase 2 requirements
1. You need to expose Phase 1 requirements as a web services, and apply design patterns to 
those requirements as needed within sprint 1 requirements.


2. The admin should be able to show the events that happened on a specific rides. Therefore, 
we need to save every action happened on every ride. The possible actions are
	1. Captain put a price to the ride (To show this event, event name, event time, captain 
	name and the price should be printed)
	2. User accepts the captain price (To show this event, event name, event time and user 
	name should be printed)
	3. Captain arrived to user location (To show this event, event name, event time, captain 
	name and user name should be printed)
	4. Captain arrived to user destination (To show this event, event name, event time, 
	captain name and user name should be printed).
	
	
3. The admin should be able to add discounts on specific areas, so if any ride is going to that 
area, a 10% discount should be applied to the ride price. This discount won’t affect the 
price that the captain suggest. The ride price will be added with no discount to the captain 
balance once completing the ride ,however, the discount will be applied to what the user 
will pay to this ride.

4. Refactor booking ride logic to add a new way to book a ride. You should do two major 
refactoring steps.

	1. Only the drivers within the ride source area and available to handle a new request
	should be notified. So if a driver is currently handling another ride (the user accept the 
	driver offer, so the driver will handle this ride), so this driver shouldn’t be notified.
	2. The user should be able to specify number of passenger in this ride. So the user may be 
	wiling to take this ride with another user.
	
	
5. Various discounts will be applied to the ride price. So what the user will pay should pass by 
some discounts, if the discount should be applied then the ride price (what the user should 
pay) should be decreased accordingly to the discount. Check the following conditions and 
apply every discount to the ride price if it matches the condition critera.

	1. If the ride is the first ride to the user, apply 10% discount.
	2. If the ride destination area is one of the areas added by the admin to apply discounts 
	on, apply 10% discount
	3. If the ride contains two passengers, apply 5% discount.
	4. If the ride date is on a public holiday, apply 5% discount.
	5. If the ride date matches the birth date for the user request the ride. Apply 10% 
	discount (as a happy birthday gift :D )